Node.js is written in C++
At the heart of Node.js is the V8 engine
The v8 engine converts our JS into machine code 

Client and Server
-----------------------

PROTOCOLS -- a set of communication rules that ewo sides ageree to use  when communicating
SOCKET -- a channel between client and server where the data is  shared

The http.createServer() method includes request and response parameters which is supplied by Node.js.
The request object can be used to get information about the current HTTP request
e.g., url, request header, and data.
The response object can be used to send a response for a current HTTP request.
If the response from the HTTP server is supposed to be displayed as HTML,
you should include an HTTP header with the correct content type:


EVENTS MODULES
-------------------
Node.js has a built-in module, called "Events",
where you can create-, fire-, and listen for- your own events.

The concept is quite simple: emitter objects emit named events that cause previously registered listeners to be called. So, an emitter object
basically has two main features:
Emitting name events.
Registering and unregistering listener functions.

BUFFERS
--------------
1 - temporary storage spot for a chunk of data that is being transferred from one place to another
2 - the buffer is filled with data then passed along
3 - transfers small amount of data at a time

STREAMS
--------------
Streams are objects that let you read data from a source or write data to a
destination in continuous fashion.
(or)
Streaming means listening to music or watching video in 'real time', instead of
downloading a file to your computer and watching it later

In Node.js, there are four types of streams –

READABLE – Stream which is used for read operation.
WRITABLE - Stream which is used for write operation.
DUPLEX - Stream which can be used for both read and write operation.
TRANSFORM - A type of duplex stream where the output is computed based on input.

Each type of Stream is an EventEmitter instance and throws several events at
different instance of times. For example, some of the commonly used events are -

DATA – This event is fired when there is data is available to read.
END – This event is fired when there is no more data to read.
ERROR - This event is fired when there is any error receiving or writing data.
FINISH - This event is fired when all the data has been flushed to underlying system


PIPES
------------
stream.pipe(), the method used to take a readable stream and connect it to a
writable stream


--------------->>> NPM <<<-----------------------
NPM ---------- NODE PACKAGE MANAGER
1 - To install NPM packages we use the command 
        --npm install package_name
2 -  To create our own JSON package 
        --npm init
            it asks some details about our package or project
3 - To add any NPM packages to our project or as dependencies of our project
        --npm install package_name -save
            this command updates our JSON file with the packages
4 - let some person uses our package(project) they don't know what packages we install so 
    we add dependencies to our JSON and to install all of them at onece we use
        --npm install

------------ NODEMON --------------
 NODEMON is the best package helps to restart the program 
 automatically whenever there is a change in the program
 instead we kill the process and run it again

 to install  NODEMON
 --npm install -g nodemon    (-g indicates this package install globally)

 to use nodemon
 --nodemon file_name


 ------- EXPRESS NPM -------------
1 - easy and flexible routing system
2 - integrates with many templates engines
3 - contains a middleware framework
 
                ------------ HTTP requests -------------
                1 - GET -  to get a request from server tpye url 
                2 - PUT -  post data or fill a form
                3 - DELETE  -  deleting data 
                4 - PUT  -  puting(updating some value)
 responding to these requests through EXPRESS

  - GET  -> var.get('route',fn)
  - PUT  -> var.put('route',fn)
  - DELETE -> var.delete('route',fn)

